capital = 9
set_convoys = 0
set_research_slots = 0
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.5.19"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 65
	neutrality = 20
	fascism = 5
	communism = 10
}
recruit_character = CZE_edvard_beneš
recruit_character = CZE_jozef_tiso
recruit_character = CZE_klement_gottwald
recruit_character = CZE_bob_roberts
recruit_character = CZE_atanas_shalapatov
recruit_character = CZE_lajos_veress
recruit_character = CZE_jure_francetic
recruit_character = CZE_nikola_stoychev
recruit_character = CZE_georgi_markov
recruit_character = CZE_ivan_markov
recruit_character = CZE_ivan_babic
recruit_character = CZE_konstantin_lukash
recruit_character = CZE_franjo_simic
recruit_character = CZE_nikola_mihailov_mihov
recruit_character = CZE_asen_nikolov
recruit_character = CZE_károly_beregfy
recruit_character = CZE_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = CZE_slavko_stancer
recruit_character = CZE_damian_velchev
recruit_character = CZE_augustin_malar
recruit_character = CZE_rafael_boban
recruit_character = CZE_stefan_jurech
recruit_character = CZE_anton_pulanish
recruit_character = CZE_géza_lakatos
recruit_character = CZE_georgi_popov
recruit_character = CZE_iván_hindy
recruit_character = CZE_stjepan_sarkotic
recruit_character = CZE_angel_dotsev
recruit_character = CZE_junuz_ajanovic
recruit_character = CZE_franza_karmasin
recruit_character = CZE_jozef_turanec
recruit_character = CZE_stefan_tiso
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_kratochvil
recruit_character = CZE_karol_sidor
recruit_character = CZE_peter_zatko
recruit_character = CZE_emil_lendvay
recruit_character = SLO_juraj_mesko
