capital = 713
# Starting tech
set_stability = 0.0
set_war_support = 0.0
set_research_slots = 0
add_to_tech_sharing_group = axis_research
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	tech_support = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	early_fighter = 1
}
set_convoys = 0
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	neutrality = 20
	fascism = 60
	communism = 10
}

recruit_character = EFR_maxime_weygand
recruit_character = EFR_phillipe_pétain
recruit_character = EFR_jonas_smith
recruit_character = EFR_marcus_smith
recruit_character = EFR_alex_walker
recruit_character = EFR_charles_huntziger
recruit_character = EFR_maurice_gamelin
recruit_character = EFR_vicente_rojo_lluch
recruit_character = EFR_ion_antonescu
recruit_character = EFR_francisco_franco
recruit_character = EFR_emilio_mola
recruit_character = EFR_petre_dumitrescu
recruit_character = EFR_miguel_cabanellas
recruit_character = EFR_josé_miaja
recruit_character = EFR_ioan_mihail_racovita
recruit_character = EFR_constantin_sanatescu
recruit_character = EFR_alphonse_georges
recruit_character = EFR_gastonhenri_billotte
recruit_character = EFR_henry_freydenberg
recruit_character = EFR_rené_olry
recruit_character = EFR_josé_millán_astray
recruit_character = EFR_juan_yagüe
recruit_character = EFR_mohamed_meziane
recruit_character = EFR_nicolae_ciuperca
recruit_character = EFR_josé_enrique_varela
recruit_character = EFR_gonzalo_queipo_de_llano
recruit_character = EFR_barbu_paraianu
recruit_character = EFR_gheorghe_avramescu
recruit_character = EFR_agustín_muñoz_grandes
recruit_character = EFR_paul_reynaud
recruit_character = EFR_jean_francois_darlan
recruit_character = EFR_joe_biden
recruit_character = EFR_charles_maurras
recruit_character = EFR_marius_viple
recruit_character = EFR_felix_gouin
recruit_character = EFR_marcel_bucard
recruit_character = EFR_gaston_henry_haye
recruit_character = EFR_jean_romatet
recruit_character = EFR_philippe_henriot
recruit_character = EFR_pierre_pucheu
recruit_character = EFR_charles_tillon
recruit_character = EFR_zivony_peshkov
recruit_character = EFR_jean_marie_abrial
recruit_character = EFR_henri_giraud
recruit_character = EFR_jean_francois_jannekeyn
recruit_character = EFR_frederic_irene_joliot_curie
recruit_character = EFR_jean_de_laborde
recruit_character = EFR_marcel_bruno_gensoul