capital = 47
set_research_slots = 0
set_convoys = 0
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.6.9"
	election_frequency = 120
	elections_allowed = yes 
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100
}
set_stability = 0


recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_metaxas
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_papagos
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_tsaldaris
recruit_character = GRE_alexander_brown
recruit_character = GRE_johannes_williams
recruit_character = GRE_nelson_mello
recruit_character = GRE_françois_darlan
recruit_character = GRE_joão_baptista_de_mattos
recruit_character = GRE_markos_drakos
recruit_character = GRE_charles_de_gaulle
recruit_character = GRE_king_haakon_vii
recruit_character = GRE_alphonse_juin
recruit_character = GRE_izaak_reijnders
recruit_character = GRE_henri_winkelman
recruit_character = GRE_jean_de_lattre_de_tassigny
recruit_character = GRE_philippe_leclerc
recruit_character = GRE_petrus_wilhelmus_best
recruit_character = GRE_eurico_gaspar_dutra
recruit_character = GRE_mariepierre_koenig
recruit_character = GRE_antoinemariebenoît_besson
recruit_character = GRE_godfried_van_voorst_tot_voorst
recruit_character = GRE_euclides_zenobio_da_costa
recruit_character = GRE_mascarenhas_de_morais
recruit_character = GRE_carl_gustav_fleischer
recruit_character = GRE_otto_ruge
recruit_character = GRE_charalambos_katsimitros
recruit_character = GRE_kristian_laake
recruit_character = GRE_henri_giraud
recruit_character = GRE_georges_catroux
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_tsaldaris1
recruit_character = GRE_aristeidis_dimitrato
recruit_character = GRE_emmanouil_tsouderos
recruit_character = GRE_aristotle_onassis
recruit_character = GRE_father_dimistrios
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_plastiras
