capital = 2
oob = "ITA_1936"
set_naval_oob = "ITA_1936_naval_mtg"
set_research_slots = 4
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7
add_ideas = {
	victor_emmanuel
	vittoria_mutilata
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	general_staff
	ITA_autarky_idea
}
set_convoys = 450
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1934.3.26"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 24
	fascism = 76
	communism = 0
}
add_to_tech_sharing_group = axis_research 
add_intel = { target = JAP civilian_intel = 200 army_intel = 200 navy_intel = 200 airforce_intel = 200 }
diplomatic_relation = {   country = AUS relation = military_access  active = yes  }
set_technology = { 
	#freetechforall
	basic_train = 1
	tech_support = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	scout_plane1 = 1

	fighter1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1 
	naval_bomber1 =1 
	heavy_fighter1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1

	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	#special
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	marines = 1

	basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1

	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_fire_control_system = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	sonar = 1
	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo=1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	improved_secondary_battery = 1
	improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1

}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = artillery_equipment_1
	amount = 5500
	producer = ITA
}  
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment
	amount = 2000
	producer = ITA
} 
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 75000
	producer = ITA
} 
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = motorized_equipment_1
	amount = 1000
	producer = ITA
} 
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_air_equipment_1
	amount = 2300
	producer = ITA
} 
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_tank_equipment_1
	amount = 3000
	producer = ITA
}



recruit_character = ITA_benito_mussolini
recruit_character = ITA_ferruccio_parri
recruit_character = ITA_palmiro_togliatti
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_badoglio
recruit_character = ITA_emilio_de_bono
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cavallero
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_messe
recruit_character = ITA_sebastiano_visconti_prasca
recruit_character = ITA_ubaldo_soddu
recruit_character = ITA_italo_balbo
recruit_character = ITA_rodolfo_graziani
recruit_character = ITA_alessandro_pirzio_biroli
recruit_character = ITA_amadeo_guillet
recruit_character = ITA_annibale_bergonzoli
recruit_character = ITA_bonessa
recruit_character = ITA_duca_pistoia
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_da_zara
recruit_character = ITA_angelo_iachino
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_bergamini
recruit_character = ITA_davide_solari
recruit_character = ITA_alfredo_guzzoni
recruit_character = ITA_renato_sandalli
recruit_character = ITA_inigo_campioni
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_farinacci
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_thaon_di_revel
recruit_character = ITA_gian_galeazzo_ciano
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_pricolo
recruit_character = ITA_giacomo_acerbo
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_marinelli
recruit_character = ITA_serafino_mazzolini
recruit_character = ITA_junio_valerio_borghese
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_einaudi
recruit_character = ITA_arturo_riccardi
recruit_character = ITA_rodolfo_graziani_hc
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_muti
recruit_character = ITA_gaetano_crocco
recruit_character = ITA_dino_grandi
recruit_character = ITA_domenico_cavagnari
recruit_character = ITA_guiseppe_fioravanzo
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_messe_hc
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_ambrosio
recruit_character = ITA_mario_roatta
recruit_character = ITA_marziale_cerutti
recruit_character = ITA_alfredo_guzzoni_theorist
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_scorza
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_mecozzi
recruit_character = ITA_italy_mario_roatta

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
#plane variants
create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CR.42"
		type = fighter_equipment_0
		upgrades = {
			# plane_gun_upgrade = 1
			plane_range_upgrade = 0  
			plane_engine_upgrade = 2
			plane_reliability_upgrade = 1
		}
}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BB1"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BB1 REFIT"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "BB2"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_2
			name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			}
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CA1"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CL1"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CL2"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	### Destroyer Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "DD2"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Torp DD1" 		#Represents the following WWI/1920s DDs/DEs: Curatone, Sauro/Sella, Turbine, Pilo, Audace, Siritori, La Masa, Palestro, Cantore
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "ASW DD1"			#Represents the following WWI/1920s Heavy DDs: Mirabello, (Aquila,) Leone, Navigatori
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}	

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "SS1"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "SS2"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
