capital = 10
oob = "POL_1936"
set_research_slots = 0
set_stability = 0
set_convoys = 0

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100
}
recruit_character = POL_ignacy_moscicki
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_sikorski
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_wieniawa_glugoszowski
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_gomulka
recruit_character = POL_maria_koszutska
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_mikolajczyk
recruit_character = POL_wincenty_witos
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_raczkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_piasecki
recruit_character = POL_edward_rydzsmigly
recruit_character = POL_wincenty_kowalski
recruit_character = POL_jozef_unrug
recruit_character = POL_xawery_czernicki
recruit_character = POL_ludomil_rayski
recruit_character = POL_roman_abraham
recruit_character = POL_stanislav_maczek
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_switalski
recruit_character = POL_tomislaw_lupaszko
recruit_character = POL_zygmunt_buhusz_szysko
recruit_character = POL_witold_pilecki
recruit_character = POL_irena_anders
recruit_character = POL_jozef_beck
recruit_character = POL_jan_kowalewski
recruit_character = POL_eugeniusz_kwiatkowiski
recruit_character = POL_marian_rejewski
recruit_character = POL_wojtek
recruit_character = POL_harold_farncomb
recruit_character = POL_victor_crutchley
recruit_character = POL_władysław_bortnowski
recruit_character = POL_jayanto_nath_chaudhuri
recruit_character = POL_jan_smuts
recruit_character = POL_charles_foulkes
recruit_character = POL_robert_row
recruit_character = POL_frank_messervy
recruit_character = POL_horace_robertson
recruit_character = POL_leslie_morshead
recruit_character = POL_thomas_blamey
recruit_character = POL_bert_hoffmeister
recruit_character = POL_noel_beresfordpeirse
recruit_character = POL_george_edwin_brink
recruit_character = POL_henry_wynter
recruit_character = POL_kodandera_subayya_thimayya
recruit_character = POL_william_stevens
recruit_character = POL_kodandera_madappa_cariappa
recruit_character = POL_władysław_anders
recruit_character = POL_orde_wingate
recruit_character = POL_bernard_freyberg
recruit_character = POL_douglas_gracey
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_kopański
recruit_character = POL_john_northcott
recruit_character = POL_iven_mackay
recruit_character = POL_alan_vasey
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_wojciechowski
recruit_character = POL_joachim_stefan_bartoszewicz
recruit_character = POL_wanda_wasilewska
recruit_character = POL_jerzy_rutkowski