capital = 439
oob = "RAJ_1936"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.71
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 50
set_rule = { can_be_spymaster = no }
add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 17
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 80
}
add_intel = { target = SOV civilian_intel = 200 army_intel = 200 navy_intel = 200 airforce_intel = 200 }
add_ideas = {
	RAJ_princely_states
	RAJ_marginalized_muslim_community
	RAJ_agrarian_society
	RAJ_risk_of_famine
	allied_trading_idea
}
set_cosmetic_tag = RAJ_UK # British Raj
set_variable = {
	var = min_fuel
	value = 0.800
}
# Starting tech
set_technology = { 
	basic_train = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	transport = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1

	armored_car1 = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	sonar = 1
	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_secondary_battery = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	improved_secondary_battery = 1
	basic_fire_control_system = 1
}


recruit_character = RAJ_lord_linlithgow
recruit_character = RAJ_herbert_fitzherbert
recruit_character = RAJ_jeremy_churchill
recruit_character = RAJ_reginald_cochrane
recruit_character = RAJ_percy_haig
recruit_character = RAJ_władysław_bortnowski
recruit_character = RAJ_jayanto_nath_chaudhuri
recruit_character = RAJ_jan_smuts
recruit_character = RAJ_charles_foulkes
recruit_character = RAJ_robert_row
recruit_character = RAJ_frank_messervy
recruit_character = RAJ_horace_robertson
recruit_character = RAJ_leslie_morshead
recruit_character = RAJ_roman_abraham
recruit_character = RAJ_thomas_blamey
recruit_character = RAJ_władysław_sikorski
recruit_character = RAJ_bert_hoffmeister
recruit_character = RAJ_noel_beresfordpeirse
recruit_character = RAJ_george_edwin_brink
recruit_character = RAJ_wincenty_kowalski
recruit_character = RAJ_henry_wynter
recruit_character = RAJ_kodandera_subayya_thimayya
recruit_character = RAJ_william_stevens
recruit_character = RAJ_kodandera_madappa_cariappa
recruit_character = RAJ_władysław_anders
recruit_character = RAJ_orde_wingate
recruit_character = RAJ_bernard_freyberg
recruit_character = RAJ_douglas_gracey
recruit_character = RAJ_stanisław_kopański
recruit_character = RAJ_john_northcott
recruit_character = RAJ_iven_mackay
recruit_character = RAJ_alan_vasey
recruit_character = RAJ_john_edward_golightly
recruit_character = RAJ_w_h_gould_bradford
recruit_character = RAJ_william_e_parry
recruit_character = RAJ_chakravarti_rajagopalachari
recruit_character = RAJ_reginald_savory
recruit_character = RAJ_mahatma_mohandas_gandhi
recruit_character = RAJ_arjan_singh_vibhusan
recruit_character = RAJ_arthur_a_barrett
recruit_character = RAJ_bhaskar_soman
recruit_character = RAJ_rajendra_prasad
recruit_character = RAJ_ravindra_darshan_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_bhimrao_ramji_ambedkar
recruit_character = RAJ_kodandera_cariappa
recruit_character = RAJ_homi_j_bhabha
recruit_character = RAJ_john_mathai
recruit_character = RAJ_mohan_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_mehar_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_karam_singh_mann
recruit_character = RAJ_aspy_merwan_engineer
recruit_character = RAJ_subroto_mukherjee
recruit_character = RAJ_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = RAJ_agha_khan_iii
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_singh_thakur
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_mohammed_iqbal

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = artillery_equipment_1
	amount = 264
	producer = RAJ
}  
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment
	amount = 1130
	producer = RAJ
} 
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = motorized_equipment_1
	amount = 400
	producer = RAJ
} 
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 4000
	producer = RAJ
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_air_equipment_1
	amount = 222
	producer = RAJ
} 
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_tank_equipment_1
	amount = 500
	producer = RAJ
}  




