capital = 275
oob = "SAF_1936"
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 50
set_research_slots = 3
set_rule = { can_be_spymaster = no }
add_intel = { target = SOV civilian_intel = 200 army_intel = 200 navy_intel = 200 airforce_intel = 200 }
add_ideas={
	SAF_history_of_segregation
	SAF_ossewabrandwag
	allied_trading_idea
}
add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.5.17"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 75
	fascism = 25
}
set_variable = {
	var = min_fuel
	value = 0.800
}
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	#freetechforall
	basic_train = 1
	tech_support = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	scout_plane1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	base_strike = 1

	mtg_transport = 1

	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	basic_battery = 1
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = artillery_equipment_1
	amount = 336
	producer = SAF
} 
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_tank_equipment_1
	amount = 500
	producer = SAF
} 
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment
	amount = 340
	producer = SAF
} 

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 5700
	producer = SAF
}  
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = motorized_equipment_1
	amount = 500
	producer = SAF
} 

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_air_equipment_1
	amount = 221
	producer = SAF
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_tank_equipment_1
	amount = 250
	producer = SAF
}


recruit_character = SAF_j._b._m._hertzog
recruit_character = SAF_guy_hallifax
recruit_character = SAF_petrus_uys
recruit_character = SAF_piet_de_wet
recruit_character = SAF_petrus_de_beer
recruit_character = SAF_władysław_bortnowski
recruit_character = SAF_jayanto_nath_chaudhuri
recruit_character = SAF_jan_smuts
recruit_character = SAF_charles_foulkes
recruit_character = SAF_robert_row
recruit_character = SAF_frank_messervy
recruit_character = SAF_horace_robertson
recruit_character = SAF_leslie_morshead
recruit_character = SAF_roman_abraham
recruit_character = SAF_thomas_blamey
recruit_character = SAF_władysław_sikorski
recruit_character = SAF_bert_hoffmeister
recruit_character = SAF_noel_beresfordpeirse
recruit_character = SAF_george_edwin_brink
recruit_character = SAF_wincenty_kowalski
recruit_character = SAF_henry_wynter
recruit_character = SAF_kodandera_subayya_thimayya
recruit_character = SAF_william_stevens
recruit_character = SAF_kodandera_madappa_cariappa
recruit_character = SAF_władysław_anders
recruit_character = SAF_orde_wingate
recruit_character = SAF_bernard_freyberg
recruit_character = SAF_douglas_gracey
recruit_character = SAF_stanisław_kopański
recruit_character = SAF_john_northcott
recruit_character = SAF_iven_mackay
recruit_character = SAF_alan_vasey
recruit_character = SAF_pierre_oliver_knoll
recruit_character = SAF_gentlemen_saf
recruit_character = SAF_cornelis_van_zuigenbrogge
recruit_character = SAF_chief_manuever
recruit_character = SAF_e_g_jansen
recruit_character = SAF_chief_entrenchment
recruit_character = SAF_marinus_van_osterkamp
recruit_character = SAF_stabber_saf
recruit_character = SAF_nicolaas_havenga
recruit_character = SAF_crusader_saf
recruit_character = SAF_sir_patrick_duncan
recruit_character = SAF_jeannot_de_la_tourier
recruit_character = SAF_j_f_van_rensburg
recruit_character = SAF_armaments_saf
recruit_character = SAF_pierre_van_ryneveld
recruit_character = SAF_offf
recruit_character = SAF_orggg
recruit_character = SAF_chief_planning
recruit_character = SAF_army_concealment
recruit_character = SAF_army_logistics
recruit_character = SAF_smooth_saf
recruit_character = SAF_leonard_beyers
recruit_character = SAF_air_tacticalbombing
recruit_character = SAF_c_de_weenburg_du_toit
recruit_character = SAF_james_mitchell_baker
