capital = 289
set_research_slots = 0
add_to_tech_sharing_group = japanese_research
set_convoys = 0
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 20
	neutrality = 80
}
set_technology = {
	#freetechforall
	basic_train = 1
	tech_support = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	scout_plane1 = 1

	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1


}
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_phahon
recruit_character = SIA_nangklao_chichalerm
recruit_character = SIA_chao_phonphayuhasena
recruit_character = SIA_nangklao_suriyawongse
recruit_character = SIA_tianliang_huntrakool
recruit_character = SIA_phra_silpasakrakorn
recruit_character = SIA_luang_sinthusongkhramchai
recruit_character = SIA_thawon_thamrongnawasawat
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_preechacholayudha
recruit_character = SIA_pridi_phanomyong
recruit_character = SIA_sindhu_kamalanavin
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_chitnasongkhla
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_thayarnpikart
recruit_character = SIA_phra_vechayanrangsarit
recruit_character = SIA_manphya_khanphialong
recruit_character = SIA_luang_phibunsongkhram
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_wichcitcholathai
recruit_character = SIA_sawat_phutianands
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_chalermarkiart
recruit_character = SIA_kuang_abhayavongsa
recruit_character = SIA_thawee_punyaketu
recruit_character = SIA_phot_bhahalyodin
