capital = 41
oob = "SPR_1936"
add_to_tech_sharing_group = axis_research
set_convoys = 150
set_stability = 0.5
set_research_slots = 3
add_intel = {
	target = JAP
	civilian_intel = 200
	army_intel = 200
	navy_intel = 200
	airforce_intel = 200
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 60
	neutrality = 40
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
}
set_variable = {
	var = min_fuel
	value = 0.800
}
add_ideas={
	general_staff
	GER_autarky_idea_minor
	SPR_no_armada
	axis_trade_idea
}
add_timed_idea={
	idea=SPA_recovering_from_civil_war
	days=120
}
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	tech_support = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1

	scout_plane1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1

}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = artillery_equipment_1
	amount = 700
	producer = SPR
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment
	amount = 500
	producer = SPR
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 5000
	producer = SPR
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_air_equipment_1
	amount = 700
	producer = SPR
}
recruit_character = SPR_francisco_franco
recruit_character = SPR_mariano_aranda
recruit_character = SPR_raimundo_márquez
recruit_character = SPR_agustín_acuña
recruit_character = SPR_charles_huntziger
recruit_character = SPR_maurice_gamelin
recruit_character = SPR_maxime_weygand
recruit_character = SPR_vicente_rojo_lluch
recruit_character = SPR_ion_antonescu
recruit_character = SPR_emilio_mola
recruit_character = SPR_petre_dumitrescu
recruit_character = SPR_miguel_cabanellas
recruit_character = SPR_josé_miaja
recruit_character = SPR_ioan_mihail_racovita
recruit_character = SPR_constantin_sanatescu
recruit_character = SPR_alphonse_georges
recruit_character = SPR_gastonhenri_billotte
recruit_character = SPR_henry_freydenberg
recruit_character = SPR_rené_olry
recruit_character = SPR_josé_millán_astray
recruit_character = SPR_juan_yagüe
recruit_character = SPR_mohamed_meziane
recruit_character = SPR_nicolae_ciuperca
recruit_character = SPR_josé_enrique_varela
recruit_character = SPR_gonzalo_queipo_de_llano
recruit_character = SPR_barbu_paraianu
recruit_character = SPR_gheorghe_avramescu
recruit_character = SPR_agustín_muñoz_grandes




recruit_character = SPA_wilhelm_ritter_von_thom
recruit_character = SPA_ramon_serrano_suner
recruit_character = SPA_tomas_dominguez_arevalo
recruit_character = SPA_jose_antonio_giron
recruit_character = SPA_tomas_garciano_goni