capital = 107
set_research_slots = 0
set_convoys = 0
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.5.3"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100
}
set_stability = 0

recruit_character = YUG_prince_paul
recruit_character = YUG_ante_pavelic
recruit_character = YUG_milan_grol
recruit_character = YUG_josip_broz_tito
recruit_character = YUG_atanas_shalapatov
recruit_character = YUG_lajos_veress
recruit_character = YUG_jure_francetic
recruit_character = YUG_nikola_stoychev
recruit_character = YUG_georgi_markov
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_markov
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_babic
recruit_character = YUG_konstantin_lukash
recruit_character = YUG_franjo_simic
recruit_character = YUG_nikola_mihailov_mihov
recruit_character = YUG_asen_nikolov
recruit_character = YUG_károly_beregfy
recruit_character = YUG_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = YUG_slavko_stancer
recruit_character = YUG_damian_velchev
recruit_character = YUG_augustin_malar
recruit_character = YUG_rafael_boban
recruit_character = YUG_stefan_jurech
recruit_character = YUG_anton_pulanish
recruit_character = YUG_géza_lakatos
recruit_character = YUG_georgi_popov
recruit_character = YUG_iván_hindy
recruit_character = YUG_stjepan_sarkotic
recruit_character = YUG_angel_dotsev
recruit_character = YUG_junuz_ajanovic
recruit_character = YUG_franza_karmasin
recruit_character = YUG_jozef_turanec

recruit_character = YUG_danilo_kalafatovic
recruit_character = YUG_milutin_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_kosic
recruit_character = YUG_draza_mihailovic
recruit_character = YUG_mihajlo_lukic
recruit_character = YUG_bogoljub_ilic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_vukcevic
recruit_character = YUG_ljubomir_maric
recruit_character = YUG_arso_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_slobodan_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_milan_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_dimitrije_ljotic
